krikey what have we got here
whoa boy whoa stop it appears to be some
kind of a dinosaur excavation kit think
we better look and see what's inside
what do you think King okay then I think
we'll take a look at what's inside okay
I had to lead down a paper because I
think this is gonna get messy our
dinosaur excavation kit dig it out a
skeleton look at that Scoob okay let's
open it oh boy okay obviously we're
supposed to use those two little chisels
to chisel them out
okay here's what they provided us with
some kind of one with a comb on it and
then a flat edged one that one Oz of an
Engel so we are gonna get diggin which
weapon do you want okay it feels like
chalk or a plaster of Paris yeah might
help if we had a hammer that didn't do
very much
all of that work for an o2 booted Chaney
we need Triceratops skeleton it is so
small and I would say normally that's
probably a project that we could have
started and then put away for a little
bit and worked on it a little bit each
day but since we were doing the video I
thought I'd just go for it and do it all
at once and couldn't find a hammer
that's why I used to wrench so I guess
it's pretty cool now we have one more
little dinosaur a little little dinosaur
for our collection